Privacy Policy

(Note) Neo Cyon (the "Company" referred to), the users' personal information very seriously and Communications Privacy Act, the Telecommunications Business Act, Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection Act, including information and communication service providers to comply laws on privacy regulations and established by the Korea Communications Commission is in compliance with privacy guidelines.

The Company Privacy Policy The personal information provided by users through being used for any purpose and in order to safeguard your information will tell you if any action being taken.

The company website privacy policy by publishing on the first screen the user will be shown to facilitate measures to ensure that they always are.

The privacy policy of the company or the government to change laws and regulations are subject to change due to the company's internal policy changes, and Privacy Policy of continuous improvement is necessary to set the formalities.

Privacy Policy If amended to revise the changes at least 7 days ago Website or service by way of a separate publication in the revised details of the users are easily able to understand.

When users visit the site often, please check deulkkeseoneun.

A. Consent for collecting personal information
Company by the user Privacy Policy, Terms of Service, and other companies to provide information about service policies agree if you have opted for collecting personal information is deemed to have consented.

Two. The personal information collected items and collection methods
Company to take advantage of the service users join the service when you need to collect the minimum amount of personal information online, and is gaining acceptance for this.

If you wish to use the services of companies also enter the following information is available.

- The range of Personal Information Collected
E-MAIL, your password

- How we collect your personal information
In order to take advantage of an offer from the company running the program after the user has to enter personal information directly or automatically generated in the process of collection service

Three. Purpose of usage and collection of personal information
"Personal information" means information about the survival of individuals, such information is included in the name, social security number, and by your personal identifiable information (such information alone can identify a specific individual, even if other information be identified by combining with that included) says.

Company without the prior consent of users, users' personal information does not give out personal information collected and the purpose for which you use personal information collected are as follows:

- E-MAIL, your password
Services for the usage of personal identification, delivery notices

- Access IP information, Service use recording, Connection log, visit date, bad record by
Members of the Negation use prevention and unauthorized use prevention

Four. Collection period of possession and use of personal information
As a member of users using the services provided by the company during the users' personal information held and used for providing services and companies collect and use personal information without delay should be discarded when the objectives are achieved.

However, the company is due to unavoidable reasons, such as under the user's personal information even after membership withdrawal and storage, retention period has elapsed, if you play in a manner that can not be deleted.

- On the use of negative records: 1 year

However, the law on consumer protection regulations, etc., based on the following personal information is kept for a period of time. In this case, the company that holds the information that is the purpose of custody.

- Records of the contract or cancellation of contract: 5 years
- Supply of goods on the payment record: 5 years
- On the customer's problem or dispute Record: 3 years

5 Procedures and how the destruction of personal information
The company collects and uses your personal information in principle, achieved the purpose of the information without delay after the termination. The following procedures and to destroy.

- Termination procedures
Register and the information entered by users for the purpose achieved by the DB and then relocated to a separate (a separate file folders of paper), internal policies and other information protected by laws based on reason (possession and use of reference period) schedule time is saved and will be discarded.

Transferred to a separate DB is due to private information unless you are a law which has not been used for other purposes in addition.

- How to destroy
Personal information stored in electronic files can not play the record deleted using technical methods and personal information printed on paper shredder, or is destroyed by incineration.

6. The sharing of personal information we collect and deliver
The company, users 'personal information, "3 the reason for the collection of personal information" within the scope of the notified use, and without the prior consent of users exceeds the range, in principle, use or users' personal information not be disclosed outside does. However, if the exception is below.

- If the user agrees to disclose in advance payment for services provided and is necessary for accounting
- Published in the website or if you violate the Terms of Service
- Using the company's service to others, moral and material damage by giving him to take legal action should the public believe that if there is sufficient evidence
- Others as required by law, if you believe that the line (ex. laws in accordance with the legal procedure, government / law enforcement agencies if requested, etc.)
- Statistics, academic research or market research to identify a specific individual can not form if protocol requires research organizations to provide such

The company developed a new technology to provide better service to the users' personal information can be shared. In this case, collecting information or providing information to users prior to sharing personal information with organizations or groups, business partners, who, what information is needed, why, and how it is protected and managed to know if the steps we obtain the consent, consent of the user if there is no additional information will not collect or share randomly.

The Company Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions set forth in part in addition to providing personal information to third parties if the phone in advance to users, E-MAIL, site notice or notices in such a way to notify users that personal information will be procedures for sharing reserves the right to not allow. Provide personal information if you do not want to be, telephone, E-MAIL, website announcements and notices, etc. pop-up window does not approve for the content that third parties may refuse to provide personal information.

7 Processing of personal information entrusted
Company without the consent of the user information of users is not entrusted to an outside vendor. If you happen to such a future, information about the referral service charges and subject and, if necessary, notify users will receive the prior written consent.

Eight. Privacy-related technical and administrative measures
The company in handling personal information of users of personal information from loss, theft, disclosure, alteration, tampering, but to ensure the safety, technical and administrative measures following is working on.

Company by hacking or computer virus users' personal information to prevent leakage or damage is committed.

Damage of personal information in case the data backup from time to time, and using the latest antivirus program, users' personal information or material to prevent leakage or damage, and through the encryption algorithm on the network to transmit personal information is safe .

In addition, using intrusion prevention systems to control unauthorized access from outside, and other systems as possible to secure the stability of all the technical maturity of the device is working.

Related to the company handling the personal information of users and limited personnel and give it a separate password for the update on a regular basis, and frequent training for staff through the observance of the Privacy Policy are always highlighted.

Responsible for handling personal information and personal information manager and a staff representative to perform such party personal information management, and other business handling personal information is limited to the inevitable kanji.

Nine. User's rights and their legal representatives, and how to exercise
Users and legal representatives, or concerned at any time their registered personal information from children under the age of 14 can be viewed or modified.

Ten thousand days, users and the legal representative of the company that handles personal information if you do not agree to refuse to give consent or cancellation (Withdrawal) is available on request. In this case, however, use some or all of the service can be difficult.

User or personal information from children under the age of 14 queries, in order to modify or change personal information, etc. Edit Profile, cancellation (Consent) and directly by clicking on the Member Withdrawal, access, correction or withdrawal is possible.

Or writing to Privacy Officer, please contact by phone or E-MAIL will take steps without delay.

Users of personal information requested for the error correction if the correction is completed or until you use the personal information does not provide. In addition, the wrong has already provided personal information to third parties if the process results in a correction notice to third parties without delay so that the correction will be made.

Company at the request of the user or the legal representative or revoked by the deleted personal information, "5 procedures and how the destruction of personal information" as specified in the processing and other applications can use to view or not to have treatment.

10 Privacy Officer's name and contact
The company services users safe access are committed to.

In protecting personal information to the user that any opposing case of an accident is responsible for personal information manager.

User personal information and related identity (ID) for the password to maintain security, he is responsible for the User.

Company regarding the password in any way to ask questions directly to the user if the password has never been so to others, please be careful not to leak.

The company feedback and complaints about privacy that is responsible for handling personal information manager and specify the person to, and contacts are listed below.

Personal Information Management Officer
Name: Lim 0 current
Belonging / Position: Development Team / Deputy
Phone Number: 02) from 2132 to 7960
E-MAIL: denmark@neocyon.com

Personal Information Security Manager
Name: Issues of 10000000000000000
Belonging / Position: Development Team / Manager
Phone Number: 02) 2132-7958
E-MAIL: sagomong@neocyon.com

Other for invasion of privacy singona If you need advice, please contact the following organizations.
1) Personal Information Dispute Mediation Committee (www.1336.or.kr/1336)
2) is information protection mark, authentication commission (www.eprivacy.or.kr/02-580-0533 ~ 4)
3) The Prosecutor's Office Internet criminal investigation center (http://icic.sppo.go.kr/02-3480-3600)
4) The Cyber ​​Terror Response Center (www.ctrc.go.kr/02-392-0330)

Privacy Notice Date: May 10, 2012
Privacy Policy Effective Date: May 10, 2012