Terms and Conditions

Article 1 [purpose]
This Agreement, Ltd. Neo-Cyon (the 'Company') provided by the Mobile Service (the "Service") wish to use the users and the company between the use of services on the basic facts and other matters and regulations intended to is.

Article 2 The definitions of terms]
A. Mobile services ("Services")
Services provided by the Company of the wireless mobile communication devices or services that are provided for the exclusive game (including software) refers to the services provided by a subscription service, provides services and non Original title.
Two. Wireless mobile communication device (hereinafter "terminal")
The services provided by companies that are available for download mobile phone, mobile OS is installed, smart phone, PDA, portable gaming devices such as means.
Three. User
Companies in the services provided by the terminal user to download and use as a means to members and non-members.
Four. Member
Company in order to provide you with the services provided by the contract and use your username and password registered user is an individual.
5 Non-
Does not become a member of the service provided by the company who says that.
6. User ID (the 'Accounts')
Identification of users and companies using the services provided by the companies chosen for the user to approve a combination of alphabetic and numeric means.
7 Password (hereinafter "your password")
Clarify the identity of users, and users involved in service in order to protect the interests of users selected by means of a combination of letters and numbers.
Eight. The definitions of terms used in this Agreement as prescribed in this Article, except that the relevant laws and regulations, and other common phase is subject to customary.

Article 3 [of the post and change the Terms and Conditions]
A. These terms and conditions provided by the company in the online services that will notice.
Two. These terms and conditions if there is reasonable cause does not violate relevant laws and regulations may be amended within the scope. 7 days prior to the changed Terms and Conditions applicable service bulletin on my pop-up or to the notice. However, the adverse information to the user if the amendments to the terms and conditions apply to the service before 30 days from the date of the notice in the pop-up or notice must:
Three. Users do not agree with the revised terms on the right, and if you do not accept the revised terms of service interruption or terminals is changed by deleting the software installed on may not agree to the terms.
Four. Apply Date of users, even after the revised terms, if you are using the company's services are deemed to have accepted the revised terms.

Article 5 [of the agreement, conclusion and application]
A. The company shall provide services and subscription services and non Original title service use contract will be concluded in the following way.
(A) Membership Services
Company to use the services provided by the game terminal or software to download and install software and register an account will be signed by.
(B) Original title services from non-
Company to use the services provided by the game terminal or software to download and install software and run it is signed by.
Two. Companies that wish to use a subscription service if you have the user's application, unless there are special reasons to approve in principle. However, the company used any of the following cases apply for approval or terminate the contract can be used in the post.
(A) applied for service users by this Agreement who have lost membership in the previous case, the only company approved an exception if the reactivation
(B) If other persons using
(C) fill out false information, or to present a company if you do not fill it out
(D) a child under the age of 14 the legal representative (parent, etc.) the consent of the cases where
(E) the user can not be approved due to any reason attributable to, or otherwise in violation of specified matters if you are applying
Three. Afford the services of the company or related equipment, technical or business in question may be suspended if the consent.
Four. In accordance with paragraphs 2 or 3 of the consent application is not in the service or yubohan, the company to apply for service to notify a user.
5 The company provides services in accordance with established policy for each level separated by time of use, frequency of use, service menus, and three minutes for a couple of differential services to users can be provided. In this case, using the company website is a separate notice.

Article 6 [the company's obligations]
A. Company raised from the user deems the opinion or complaints if the company is handled in accordance with prescribed procedures. For comments or complaints filed by users of the E-mail using the process and passes the results.
Two. The company services the user's information, make an effort to prevent leakage from the system, the company must provide continuous and stable service for the equipment fails, or destroyed by the will, without delay, repair or restore it. However, calamity, emergency or other equivalent, if there are unavoidable reasons, are exceptional.
Three. The company stipulated by relevant laws and regulations to protect personal information efforts. About protecting the personal information of users of the relevant laws and regulations and the privacy policy of the company as prescribed in detrimental ways, to protect personal information and comply with our Privacy Policy is published. However, the company's website linked to the sites privacy policy does not apply.
Four. The company used the conclusion of the contract, contract modification and cancellation of contracts with such procedures and contents users have attempted to provide a convenience to users, and this information is published through the Internet, the changes will be notified immediately when there are .
5 The company seamlessly users to take advantage of available services and use of equipment and technical specifications of the minimum required to publish a separate homepage. However, the technical specification changes periodically depending on the environment and the use of the service users use the service failure or problem can be.

Article 7 [the user's responsibility]
A. Management responsibility to the users on the terminal, and it should not be used by third parties.
Two. In any of the following user information will not engage in conduct.
(A) service application or registration of false information when changes
(B) theft of others
(C) a change in the information published by companies
(D) other users' personal information and account activity for unauthorized collection
(E) for commercial purposes without prior consent of the company to transmit advertising information to use the service act
(F) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, and other processing of any action to replicate the services provided through the company, degradation, or the act of imitating other variations
(G) using programs such as auto-connect in a manner different from normal usage by the service loading up on the company's servers and interrupt normal service
(See above) the user is not your third party access rights act
(Triple T) company or a third party's intellectual property rights infringements on
(ㅊ) company or a third party's defamatory act that interferes with work
(ㅋ) obscene or violent messages, video, voice, data and other information that goes against public order and morals and the services provided by companies within the public or the act of publication
(Arriving) for commercial purposes without the consent of the company using the services of companies act
(ㅍ) or wrongful act in violation of other regulations.
Three. By users of the services provided by the company discovered problems such as bugs and system errors for the company to notify promptly, and spread it to other users, or should not be exploited.
Four. User of the relevant laws and regulations, the provisions of this Agreement, including with respect to the services provided by the company informing precautions, company information, and shall comply with the notice, or other company's business will not engage in conduct that interfered with.

Article 8 [users' personal information]
A. Companies charge for the service user to identify the terminal to collect information. Collected immediately at the point of terminal one-way information collected is encrypted and impossible to determine the value of its own original form is saved.
Two. Status information of users, aliases, photos, etc. in the process of communicating with other users users to explain their registration information using the services of the company and other users may be disclosed in the company's other services.
Three. Users to use subscription services company registered in the account can not be changed.
Four. Two euros urgent security companies to safeguard users' information to the user to change the password, you can request that. In this case, users access the company's first user when requested after the date of the account held by you must change your password.
5 Account and password for the user is responsible for managing. This service caused by neglect or by a third party damage, illegal use, etc. to the users are responsible for. The company reasons attributable to the company unless there is clear and it will not be responsible for.
6. If the account was used fraudulently or for any other breach of security, users must immediately discover that fact must be notified to the company.
7 Separate company without the consent of the user's user information to third parties does not provide. However, the relevant laws or regulations, or necessary for billing if the exception.

Article 9 [Termination]
A. By users at any time to terminate the contract and when the user wishes to terminate the company's software is installed on the terminal, delete, or by software provided by a separate method can be used to terminate.
Two. In order to terminate the contract by users of the software is installed on a terminal deletion or the initialization process, and when, users use the services of the company was saved, does not recover all the data will be deleted.

Article 10 [Charges and conditions]
A. Services provided by the Company are provided in the following way.
(A) the carrier's wireless internet (Nate, MagicN, Ez-I, etc.) using a pay-per-download
(B), Open Market (Android Market, Apple App Store, etc.) using a toll free download
(C) services provided within the additional paid-for content
(D) pay all other methods are available as a free service
Two. Users through the carrier's wireless Internet network services provided by the company to buy or if you are using the prescribed data carrier prescribed in the fee will be charged.
Three. Carrier's wireless Internet network is provided by paid service charges manner prescribed by the carrier, policy, depending on the cell phone usage fees with entry fee will be charged to users, and user charges to the carrier must pay .
Four. Service through your carrier's wireless Internet network, if it is not the way in the manner prescribed by your service provider charges must be paid for.
5 The company, if necessary, purchase price limits may be charged, if the user is a minor, depending on your carrier's policy may require the consent of the legal representative.
6. Users at any time a company or carrier, Open Market (Android Market, Apple App Store, etc.) upon request payment history, and its usage can be confirmed.
7 Paid by companies that provide services at no additional charge if purchased by the user are available. However, some service users within the service, depending on your choice of available content is provided, an additional fee if you are using the paid content will be required to pay any additional usage fees.
Eight. The services provided by companies that pay users to download is only available on devices that use. Ten thousand days, the instrument changes, number of reasons, such as changes occur if the service is not available.
Nine. The company shall provide services and pay-for content and ownership in the company, the user is within the range stated by the company will have the right to use.
10 Generated by the service user is allowed to use the data (characters, items, etc.) have been lost due to any reason attributable to the company if confirmed, will be restored after irradiation. However, server logs (log data) to determine if you can not be excluded.
11 Users to purchase additional paid-for content validity by default (the "expiration date") has Valid users with premium content available at the time of purchase or one year from the date (365 days). However, the expiry date stated otherwise paid-for content validity of the subject at the time of purchase set forth.
12 Paid Content out of date even though the company will continue to provide service if the user can access the premium content. However, the company paid its obligation to guarantee the use of the content does not.
13. Users pay for content, use and maintenance services normally assume that the license is to ensure, by the users about the action taken by coronary prohibited acts to be limited by the account, stop the use of paid-for content users and for the company to return the purchase price shall not be responsible.
14. Company at no charge to the user-provided content validity of the case is not guaranteed.
15. The company paid content planning and operational needs during the period of validity of the existing paid-for content is judged to be deleted if the seven days prior notice to the website through the content to users who purchased the remaining validity period notifies users of new content, including the equivalent of only Use the period covered by the existing content and validity of the remainder is subject to

Article 11 [Limitation]
A. Service related counseling, and inquiries received by the website and customer center for processing.
Two. Users when using the Service in violation of the Terms and Conditions or provided by the company prevented the normal operation of the service, the company warning, temporary use restrictions, use restrictions, etc. 09 limited service may be phased.
Three. Users engage in any of the following cases were considered as a serious violation of the Terms, by notice in the prescribed procedures may terminate the contract.
(A) in violation of terms of Article 7000000000003 if you are exploiting a bug
(B) Terms and Conditions Article 7 paragraph 2 (f) No. (g) breach of an arc when the
Four. Service users about the company is limiting the elucidation of a separate process and establish procedures and remedies that are pre-or post a notice to users.
5 Services provided by the Company in connection with normal use, not how to use the service, or device, or the account of others by theft, unauthorized use of the act may be legal consequences when caught.
6. Other people's credit cards, telephone number (Wired and Wireless), bank accounts and unauthorized use or theft of service charges to pay the company the user's account may impose restrictions on the use.
7 Due to neglect of the user account and password of the handset is lost due to service leaks or damage, or unauthorized use by third parties, and so run counter to the case by the mandatory provisions, the use of the account may be restricted .
Eight. If the request from the legal guardian of a minor, if any, the company may impose a limit on service.
Nine. Violation of this Agreement by users, if the contract is terminated to the terminal users should delete the downloaded software and software-based paid the purchase price and data service fees, royalties, etc. paid content can not be returned.
10 Other related laws and regulations were a violation if the service can be limited.

Article 12 [of service records storage]
A. The company incurred in the process of recording service users, log, login, or service contract data, and the final 12 months from date of termination in the form of electronic file storage, and this period has elapsed, if you can play in a way that should be discarded.
Two. Termination of service records can not play the recording using technical methods should be discarded.

Article 13 [additional content and length of service]
A. Service, the company's business or technical problem you do not have a special day, 7 days a week, to 24 hours in principle. However, the Youth Protection Act in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, including use restrictions if necessary, does not apply.
Two. The company added new services, and various bug fixes and other services if the services require modification of the contents in whole or in part, through online updates can be changed from time to time.
Three. Company to check the system and other matters, terms and conditions regarding changes, updates and more information regarding these Terms and Conditions Article 3 section 2 apply mutatis mutandis to the notice to users. However, the urgent necessity for modifications required to make advance notice may not be able to notice in this case, the post.
Four. The company's information technology facilities, such as computer maintenance, replacement, and failure, communications failure, need regular maintenance or operational purposes by the need to temporarily stop the service, and service interruptions due to planned activity in advance through the website will be notified.
5 The company due to unavoidable reasons such as system failure, an emergency system maintenance, expansion or replacement if required temporary interruption of service without notice, or appointed by the range of available time can be specified separately. However, switching to a new service provided by the company are provided as a reason that it deems appropriate if you want to stop the service after notice to all the service may be terminated.
6. Owing to reasons beyond our control, if the service is suspended (eg, overuse of the service or services, failure of equipment and system administrators are not intentional and negligent disk disorder and the system is down) and others (duration of carriers, etc.) outages due to intentional and negligent in the case of advance notice may not be able to. In this case, the relevant grounds and duration of the company, and notify users can post to.

Article 14 [Service Exit
The company and the company's deteriorating profitability due to other circumstances to provide normal services can be difficult to terminate the service when service termination site for specific information and how to be notified in advance.

Article 15 [right to use the software]
A. Users of the services provided by the company to use the terminal you can download and install software.
Two. Downloaded to the user's terminal software can be used within the Republic of Korea and the services provided by the company in ways other than the purpose for which you use can not be used.
Three. Users for the purpose of a backup copy of the software, you can create one. Created for the backup copy can not be sold or transferred.
Four. Users to deploy software to a company physical, electronic and so on, remodeling, alteration, or sent electronically via the network software is not available.
5 By users to terminate the contract if the right to use the software will be terminated. The users and the software installed on the handset must destroy all copies.

Article 16 [deal with ads, and advertisers]
A. Companies, some of the services provided to users through ad revenue comes from. Users who wish to use the service when using the service for ad exposure is considered to agree.
Two. Click on the ads that are exposed in service that may be used by an advertiser's site is independent of the company's services. Users through the advertiser's website to participate in promotional activities, the advertiser's site must be provided in the policy review. The Company, in addition to the services provided by different operators using the services provided by the loss or damage that occurs is not responsible for.

Article 17 [Withdrawal and refund details]
A. The services provided by the company withdraw the contract (cancellation) is limited to available content and the content is divided into cancellation of contract is offered to withdraw an offer content that can be purchased by the user within seven days from the date of purchase for cancellation of contract can be .
Two. Users from a third party who provides free content, and content received from the company provided free of charge or cancellation of contract at the time the request is already being used or considered to be content with equivalent characteristics, such as some content with the law on consumer protection Article 17 Paragraph 2 No. 2 or No. 3 and Content Industry Promotion Act in accordance with paragraph 1 of Article 27 to withdraw an offer may be restricted. In this case, the company users with its content before buying or notices set forth in applicable laws, including the action will be taken.
Three. Users purchased content due to functionally significant error or defect of the original purpose of use is significantly difficult or impossible to achieve if the offer was withdrawn, even if the content is limited, the company's customer service center, you can request cancellation of contract.
Four. According to the preceding paragraph, to request cancellation of contract to the company, the users of its content or functional errors with objective data to demonstrate the flaw must be provided.
5 Due to circumstances of the company if the service is stopped, the validity period (365 days) and is less than the content in the purchase rates and charges [1 day fee (= Purchase Price / 365 days) × be for due diligence] only returns the payment of , and the expiry date stated otherwise content with the remaining period of the unused amount is returned.
6. The company information required for cancellation of contract or a refund if received from both users, within 3 business days from the date of receipt of the payment and refund them the same way, and are unable to refund the same way when it is announced in advance. Receiving payment confirmation is required only if the holder of the check within 10 working days from the date it will be refunded.
7 Telecommunications or the open market (Android Market, Apple App Store, etc.) purchased by your carrier, or if the open market (Android Market, Apple App Store, etc.) according to the terms and conditions of the offer may be withdrawn and a refund.

Article 18 [gwaohgeum]
A. In the event of a mistake by the company Fri in the same manner as the payment will be refunded in full gwaohgeum. However, when you are unable to refund the same way it is announced in advance.
Two. Four euros in the company's responsibility if a mistake occurs, Fri company contract costs, fees will be refunded in full regardless gwaohgeum. However, the responsibility of the user in the case of four euros Fri mistake, a mistake the company to refund the cost of subsidies, within reasonable bounds must be borne by the user.
Three. The company claims users Fri mistake if you refuse a refund for the price charged by a duly prove that you are responsible.
Four. The company's refund procedures mistakes Fri protect digital content, users must follow the guidelines.

Article 19 [Indemnity]
A. The company charges in connection with the services provided free of charge for damage caused to the user will not be liable for any damages. However, due to the company's intention or gross negligence in case of damage to users does not apply.
Two. Users in violation of the obligations of this Agreement inflicting damages to the company, or in using the service users inflicting damages to the company, the users against the company should pay compensation for the damages.

Article 20 [Disclaimer]
A. The company exhibits, the affairs, natural disaster, national emergency, or an equivalent carrier's failure to provide services four euros force majeure shall not be responsible if you do not.
Two. Company due to reasons attributable to the user's use of the Service is not responsible for failure.
Three. The company is well known in advance for services, equipment repair, replacement, routine maintenance, construction, incurred due to unavoidable reasons will not be liable for damages.
Four. The company shall provide services in the Republic of Korea based on services that are available. Ten thousand and one from abroad, if you are using a roaming service with all or some of the features of the service is not available. In this case, the Company does not undertake any responsibility.
5 Equipment changes, number changes, to such causes as international roaming service failures or loss of data content for the company is not responsible.

Article 21 [Jurisdiction and Governing Law]
A. Terms of Service, if problems occur as a dispute between the parties amicably resolved in consultation, but no consensus mothayeo Code of Civil Procedure, including cases brought before a competent court of law is a court of competent jurisdiction.
Two. In a lawsuit filed between companies and users to apply the laws of the Republic of Korea.

In 2012. 5 10

Addendum (05/10/2012)
Article 1.
Company not stated in the Terms and Conditions is not responsible for the principle.

These Terms and Conditions on the 10th of May 2012 has been enacted, will apply from 10 May 2012.